[Music]
in the scheme of life hitting the snooze
button is not that big of a deal but
here's the thing about life
none of us wake up and say today is the
day I destroy my life what we do is we
kind of check out because it feels
overwhelming or we checked out because
we're afraid or we check out because we
start listening to self-doubt and then
we make these teeny tiny decisions all
day long we don't realize it
decision to not get up on time a
decision to not eat the right thing a
decision to snap at your kids a decision
to not speak in a meeting a decision to
not look for a job a decision to not
deal with your finances a decision to
not call your parent like whatever it is
all day long these tiny decisions it
take you so far off track and then you
wake up like I didn't and you you look
at your life and you think how the hell
did I get here
and more importantly how to get back
over there and you have no idea and so I
was so trapped and I know from your
story you felt the same way like you
knew that there was more in store for
you but you couldn't figure out how you
closed the gap how do you find the power
listen how do you discover your
greatness how do you solve these
problems to feel so overwhelming when
you can't I mean I would go to the
grocery store and and the items would
scan and I would be fitting they're
readying my excuse because there was no
way that my chest Harbor is going to
clear Wow
so what I got in this struggle with
myself that a lot of us find ourselves
in and that is you get trapped in what I
call the knowledge action yet you know
what to do what you can't seem to make
yourself do it right I mean every one of
us is one Google search away from a list
of instructions that if you follow any
of them one it will change your life but
how do you get out of your head and stop
thinking about what you need to do and
actually do it and in my case this stuff
is pretty easy get up on time
make breakfast for the kids get them on
the bus start looking for a job be nicer
to Chris
don't drink so much instead of isolating
yourself pick up the phone and call a
friend get yourself out into the woods
and go for a walk
start running against like only these
little things that I was capable of but
I couldn't get out of here could not get
out of here and if you're stuck that's
the problem the problem is you're in
your head you're thinking that is the
universal problem and it all starts with
this knowledge of what to do and then
you hesitate to think about whether or
not you feel like doing it